docs: add note about how to determine new accessibility supported (#2536)
dequelabs/axe-core: doc/accessibility-supported.md

## Accessibility supported

> Boiled-down, accessibility supported means that in order for a technique to be valid, it must work on all viable platforms for all assistive technology that are widely used and freely available (paraphrased). For axe-cores purposes, this means that for a screen reader, browser, or environment to be accessibility supported it must meet the following two criteria:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessibility supported means that in order for a technique to pass, it must work in some predefined set of browsers and assistive technologies. For axe-core this means that for a screen reader, browser, or environment to be added to the list of supported combinations, the following two criteria must be met:
```
